DOCSUP-1110: document the extractAllGroups function (#138)
BayoNet/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/splitting-merging-functions.md

└─────────────────────────┘
```

## extractAllGroups(text, regexp) {#extractallgroups}

> Extracts from `text` all matching non-overlapping groups with regular expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extracts all groups from non-overlapping substrings matched by a regular expression.
```

**Syntax** 

``` sql
extractAllGroups(text, regexp) 
```

**Parameters** 

> -   `text` —  Const or non-const column with text to apply regular expression against. [String](../data-types/string.md) or [FixedString](../data-types/fixedstring.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `text` — [String](../data-types/string.md) or [FixedString](../data-types/fixedstring.md).
```

> -   `regexp` — Const column with regular expression. [String](../data-types/string.md) or [FixedString](../data-types/fixedstring.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `regexp` — Regular expression. Constant. [String](../data-types/string.md) or [FixedString](../data-types/fixedstring.md).
```

**Returned values**

> -   If ClickHouse finds at least one matching group, returns `Array(Array(String))` column, clustered by group_id (1 to N, where N is number of capturing groups in `regexp`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If the function finds at least one matching group, it returns `Array(Array(String))` column, clustered by group_id (1 to N, where N is number of capturing groups in `regexp`).
```

> -   If there is no matching group, returns empty array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If there is no matching group, returns an empty array.
```
